this is precisely the challenge of 21st
century politics technological progress
has made it so comfortable for people to
conform that demands for radical and
fundamental change seem like lunacy
every day people in Saudi Arabia and
even communist China
whatever want to say wake up and say
well a revolution is in order but not me
not now not today and what we've seen
happen in France
and it still is happening right now in
2019 is a whole bunch of people who wake
up yes
ultimately the the spark that set these
events in motion is somewhat trivial it
was a the rising price of gasoline and
tax on gasoline some number of tens of
thousands of people woke up and said you
know what the system is so fundamentally
bad that a revolution is in order and
you know what it's it's gonna be me it's
gonna be now it's gonna be today
[Music]
I think what makes the outside world I
don't know so uncomfortable with the
example of the the jewish-owned is
precisely the sense that if this could
happen in France it can happen anywhere
[Music]
if I told you there was an uprising of
the disgruntled poor or even the
disgruntled middle class in South Sudan
anyone would sit there and look at the
footage and kind of in a smug way say
mmm yes well I told you so I I always
saw this coming you know sorry if you
just look at footage of what life is
like right now in South Sudan people are
living in huts in you know they have
dirt roads they have objectively very
hard conditions and that makes it safer
for us to sympathize with their
political struggle if they're demanding
change and there's a strange kind of
irony that the privileged white Western
world has a great deal of trouble
sympathizing with discontent with really
deep discontent and demands for radical
political change when it comes from
privileged white Western people
[Music]
however we contrast that to the
possibility of a movement that is in a
perpetual state of mutiny a perpetual
state of directionless nests and
leaderless nests a movement that is in a
sense always subverting itself and where
we can't even measure their success or
failure relative to goals because they
never did clearly set up the goals
[Music]